# BellaBeat-Case-Study

Bellabeat is a wellness company based in San Francisco, California that develops smart technology for women. Their mission is to empower women by providing them with the data to discover themselves.
Bellabeat products are available through a growing number of online retailers in addition to their own e-commerce channel on their website.

### The Scenario
Bellabeat is a successful small company with the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. Urška Sršen, cofounder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat, believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help unlock new growth opportunities for the company. I’ve been asked to focus on one of Bellabeat’s products and analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using their smart devices, which will then be used to guide marketing strategy for the company.

### Business Task
Analyze smart device user data to gain insight into how consumers are using their non-Bellabeat smart devices (in this case, FitBit), and apply these insights to comparable Bellabeat products such as the Bellabeat Leaf.

### About the Data
The dataset for this case study, FitBit Fitness Tracker Data, was provided by Google through the data science website Kaggle. The dataset was originally generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk. The survey spanned a 30-day period starting April 12th, 2016 to May 12th, 2016.
The three tables I analyzed from this dataset are dailyActivity_merged, sleepDay_merged, and weightLogInfo_merged, renamed DailyActivity, SleepLog, and WeightLog, respectively.

https://medium.com/@dakotasmithanalyst/data-analytics-case-study-bellabeat-c6e60bf1d179
